Eight billion, that's how it counts.
My Wang family is not a ghost either.
It is my royal family that follows and has a family
There is no credit and there is hard work
And you will only make a family ashamed with you
I said these two projects will definitely be profitable
and
It's about time, it's okay, it's okay
Don't be swollen and fat here
This project is making money
I, Wang Qiang, am your son
Why are you here?
The two of us
Come on
It is a collection for the heirs of the Tianlong Society
Second, I also want to borrow the insight of the Liu family head
Grow eyes for us.
It just so happened that Young Master Jiang offered a blue and white porcelain
Then identify together
Don't worry, there's one more thing
Yueyan entrusted in advance
I will acquire and sell Project No. 1 and 2
income
300 what
30 billion not possible
How can this No. 1 and No. 2 project make money?
This contract must be fake
How excellent